{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa260

\f0\fs24 \cf0 You will write a program that does some very simple checks that a spam filter might do to assess whether or not an email is considered to be spam. Real spam filters would do much more complex processing. The types of checks are as follows:\
1) Sender blacklist check - a specified file will contain a list of email addresses that are known senders of spam. An address in the file may be a complete email address, in which case it should be matched exactly, or it can simply be a domain name, in which case the username of the email address does not have to match. An email header which has a From: email address that is found in the blacklist file is considered spam.\
2) Subject check - a specified file will contain a list of email subjects that have been taken from known spam messages. An email header which has a Subject: line that contains any of the subjects in the file (a substring match is allowed, not just exact) is considered spam.\
3) Body check - a specified file will contain a list of words that are commonly found in the bodies of spam email. These words may also occur in regular email, so finding just any word is not enough to label an email as spam. It is necessary to find several occurrences, so you can set a threshold and if the total number of occurrences is greater than that threshold the email is considered spam. Instances of a bad word as a substring of another word do not count as on occurrence. It is also common that spammers type words in all captial letters. If a bad word is found in the email body, and it is in all capital letters, it should count as two occurrences.\'a0\
Your script should take a set of command line arguments to specify which of the above tests should be performed on a particular email message. If the -F option is given, a sender check should be performed. If the -S option is given, a subject check should be performed. If the -B value option is given, then a body check should be performed, and the corresponding value is the threshold for determining if the number of occurrences is great enough. At least one of these options must be specified or it is an error. The names of the supporting files that contain lists of words for the various checks can be hard-coded into your program.\
The email message to analyze will be found in a file whose name is given on the command line after all the options. You should validate this file name. The format of an email message begins with a header, where each line of the header begins with a keyword like From, To, Subject, or Date, followed by a colon. The body of the message will begin after the header on the first line that does not start with one of these keywords and a colon. Your program should perform the specified checks on the email message, and if any check indicates the message is spam, that verdict should be printed out, along with the reason why. Otherwise it should be printed out that the email is ok.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Make sure to properly comment your program. Submit your program, along with the supporting files you used as an example. Also include a sample spam email and the output generated by your program for different options on it.\
}