{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf0 You have to write a program to implement attack on RSA. For the attack, your program will take as input the public key e, n, and a ciphertext C and produce as output the plaintext M and the total amount of time the attack took to obtain M
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}(a) \'a0Attack 1: Here you will generate all possible values of M till you find one for which M
\fs18 \up10 e 
\fs26 \up0 = C mod n. You can use the naive and inecient method for modular exponentiation. Here the output should consist of M. 
\fs24 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26 {\listtext	.	}(b) \'a0Attack 2: Here you will factor n to recover the primes p, q such that n = pq. You will then calculate the private key d, n, and then calculate M = C
\fs18 \up10 d 
\fs26 \up0 mod n. You can use the naive and inecient methods for factoring n, for finding d from e and (n), and for modular exponentiation. Here the output should consist of p, q, d, M . 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs26 \cf0 You have to run your program on three di
\f1 \uc0\u8629 
\f0 erent inputs.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}(a) \'a0e = 3,n = 15,C = 7. It is possible that this problem gets solved so fast that you do not get very meaningful timing results for this example. 
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26 {\listtext	.	}(b) \'a0e = 13,n = 527,C = 439. Again, it is possible that this problem gets solved so fast that you do not get very meaningful timing results for this example. 
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26 {\listtext	.	}(c) \'a0An input generated by you - you should generate the largest values for which you can get results in a \'93reasonable\'94 amount of time. Here you have to start from scratch in terms of finding p,q,e,d etc i.e. you have to find these values. 
\fs24 \
}